Hello friends, it`s Alex and you are watching HOW THEY CHANGED, and it means, that today you will learn something new about wonderful Sesame street.
As always, while you will watch, how the main voice actors has changed thru years, I will tell you some interesting facts about the show.
I must say, that there are a lot of characters left in this video, but if you want, I will make part two, write in comments, what you think about it.
And now hit a like, and lets begin.
In its almost 45-year history, “Sesame Street” has won 159 Emmys, multiple Grammys and over three dozen countries have a version and many more air the dubbed American show.
In short, millions of people the world over have discovered how to get to Sesame Street.
“Sesame Street” is named after the “Arabian Nights” phrase “Open, Sesame!”.
One of the show writers proposed the word “Sesame.”
Its use in an “Arabian Nights” tale, she said, made it feel like it was loaded with a sense of adventure.
The show was already set on an urban street, so “Sesame Street” just clicked.
Everyone on the staff initially disliked the name, fearing children would have a hard time pronouncing it, but obviously those worries ended up being put to rest.
The Count’s love of numbers isn’t exactly just a play on his name.
Vampires are supposed to have arithmomania — a strong need to count surrounding objects.
In some versions of vampire folklore, a way to ward off the attacker is to throw “rice, millet or wheat,” as the bloodsucker will need to count the grains before moving on.
In Europe, people would place “poppy seeds, millet or sand” at the graves of suspected vampires as a pre-emptive defense.
Bert and Ernie could have been the main stars.
The original pilot featured many scenes with Bert and Ernie, and they tested well with kids as compared to the scenes which only featured adults.
This lead to the decision to either have the show only focus on the roommates, or create new characters like Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch.
The producers chose the latter option.
The Elmo puppet was initially just a background extra and was given up on as a workable character.
Elmo didn’t officially debut until Season 12, although the muppet had already been used as a random extra in scenes for quite some time.
Initially this “new” character only communicated with “sounds rather than words.”
Apparently, one of the early voices of the character, Richard Hunt, tried to perform Elmo with a gruff, caveman voice, but eventually abandoned the concept.
According to legend, he tossed Elmo around, only to have Kevin Clash pick up the muppet and create the beloved character.
The red 3-year-old ended up becoming the only puppet or non-human to testify before Congress in 2002, advocating for increased funding for music programs.
Oscar the Grouch actually fell in love ... with the Wicked Witch of the West.
The trashcan dweller may be known for usually just loving “crummy weather,” but he has actually fallen in love.
In a now banned episode that was deemed too scary for children, the Wicked Witch of the West made an appearance on “Sesame Street” and was crushed on by Oscar.
Unfortunately, the relationship didn’t take off.
The show pays homage to 'M*A*S*H'
Big Bird has a teddy bear named Radar, a tribute to the M*A*S*H character of the same name, who always sleeps with a teddy bear.
All Sesame Street's main Muppets have four fingers except Cookie Monster, who has five.
And Cookie Monster evolved from The Wheel-Stealer—a snack-pilfering puppet Jim Henson created to promote Wheels, Crowns and Flutes in the 1960s.
That’s about all for now.
As you may see, I gradually increase the time of the video, because I have a lot of interesting information that I want to share with you, hope you will enjoy it.
Take care, friends, and have a great day, or may be night, if you are watching this video at night.